Added closure documentation for redirect (#700)
vapor/docs: docs/security/authentication.md

let protectedRoutes = app.grouped(User.redirectMiddleware(path: "/login?loginRequired=true"))
```

> The `RedirectMiddleware` object also supports passing a closure that returns a `String` during creation for advanced url handling. For instance, uncluding the path redirected from as query paramater to the redirect target for state management.

Reviewer: Spelling and clarification
```suggestion
The `RedirectMiddleware` object also supports passing a closure that returns the redirect path as a `String` during creation for advanced url handling. For instance, including the path redirected from as query parameter to the redirect target for state management.
```

```swift
let redirectMiddleware = User.redirectMiddleware { req -> String in
  return "/login?authRequired=true&next=\(req.url.path)"
}
```

This works similar to the `GuardMiddleware`. Any requests to routes registered to `protectedRoutes` that aren't authenticated will be redirected to the path provided. This allows you to tell your users to log in, rather than just providing a **401 Unauthorized**.

> Be sure to include a Session Authenticator before the `RedirectMiddleware` to prevent subsequent requests to the protected routes from asking for a password.

Reviewer: Let's clarify why
```suggestion
Be sure to include a Session Authenticator before the `RedirectMiddleware` to ensure the authenticated user is loaded before running through the `RedirectMiddleware`.
```
